docs: Guided exercise interactions via CLI (#945)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: academy/4-my-own-chain/play-game.md

That is all there is to it: good preparation and the use of Starport.

## Interact via the CLI

> With one game in storage and the game waiting for `Bob`'s move, can `Alice` make a move? Check the order of the parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With one game in storage and the game waiting for `Bob`'s move, can `Alice` make a move? Take a look at the `play-move` message and which parameters it accepts:
```

```sh
$ checkersd tx checkers play-move --help
Broadcast message playMove

Usage:
  checkersd tx checkers play-move [idValue] [fromX] [fromY] [toX] [toY] [flags]
...
```

So `Alice` tries with:

```sh
$ checkersd tx checkers play-move 0 0 5 1 4 --from `echo $alice`
                                     ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
                                     | | | | To Y
                                     | | | To X
                                     | | From Y
                                     | From X
                                     Game id
...
raw_log: 'failed to execute message; message index: 0: player tried to play out of
                                       turn'
...
txhash: D10BB8A706870F65F19E4DF48FB870E4B7D55AF4232AE0F6897C23466FF7871B
```

> If you did not get this `raw_log`, perhaps because the transaction was sent asynchronously, use the `txhash` in the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you did not get this `raw_log`, it might be because your transaction was sent asynchronously. You can always query a transaction by using the `txhash` by using the following command:
```

                                  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
                                  | | | | To Y
                                  | | | To X
                                  | | From Y
                                  | From X
                                  Game id
```

Which includes:

```
...
raw_log: 'failed to execute message; message index: 0: player tried to play out of
                                       turn'
...
txhash: D10BB8A706870F65F19E4DF48FB870E4B7D55AF4232AE0F6897C23466FF7871B
```

<HighlightBox type="tip">

If you did not get this `raw_log`, it might be because your transaction was sent asynchronously. You can always query a transaction by using the `txhash` with the following command:

```sh
$ checkersd query tx D10BB8A706870F65F19E4DF48FB870E4B7D55AF4232AE0F6897C23466FF7871B
```

And you are back on track:

```
...
raw_log: 'failed to execute message; message index: 0: player tried to play out of
  turn'
```

</HighlightBox>

Can Bob, who plays _black_, make a move? Can he make a wrong move? For instance a move from `0-1` to `1-0`, which in turn is occupied by one of his pieces?

```sh
$ checkersd tx checkers play-move 0 1 0 0 1 --from $bob
```

> The computer says no:

Author: Originally it was "Computer says no", i.e. tongue in cheek. But I don't know how much [this reference](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0n_Ty_72Qds) is known.

Reviewer 2: XD I fear that this may be too "niche" a reference for an international audience not to consider the original a grammar fail. But this version is close enough to bridge good grammar and a little easter egg.

Author: Ok.
